Comment
"Agree with Alan you are an extremest idiot.   You are not American, we native americans are, you are an alien"
"To engage in an intelligent debate with you is like debating to a retarded person.  It's useless.  It looks like you're bent on disregarding the efforts of the government."
"GO SUCK_YOU DADDYS_COCK_OBAMA LOVING LIBERAL_FAGGOT"
"i live with my dad asshole!!! i anal fuked the shit out of you r mom and your sisters, and made them cry in the process."
"You really think shes speaking spanish? You are a fool aren't you?"
"Hey race baiter take a hike you are a typical idiot"
"Maybe next time you say it, you'll write "You're a moron".\xa0 \n\nYou're a cretin."
"you are a closet, flaming homo"
"go away you trashy\xa0 tramp"
"Wow you attack others and show your ignorance. You get exactly what you deserve. You are one those typle scum bag employees who don't pull their wait and hide behind the union. You make me sick."
"Hug a tree FAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!\xa0\xa0 Folks like you make REAL Men look like, well, Real Men....you are a little sissy girly-man who is, right now, twirling in his pretty little tu-tu, sending kisses to all the other little fairies out there....Man Up you little p*ssy!\xa0 Just sayin' queer!"
"ha ha ha! \xa0Back in your dirty Russian hole, comrade troll!"
"Don't be such an idiotic,\xa0 rude, little bitch. It takes a hell of a lot of work to run this place, and now that they have taken a break, you are STILL giving them shit?! Stupid. Like Demi said: UNAPPRECIATIVE ASS."
"Take your pills. The Voices are obviously taking control again."
"You're an idiot."
"Oh, you are such an idiot.....you just confirmed that you can't read...dumb@rse!"
"isalill are you fucking Norwegian cow face? Fuck norway bitch. Moo moo."
"stretch her ass open mah nigguh spit in her asshole and put ya dick deep in it give her an ANAL INFECTION BRUH!!!"
"STFU you cunt. Not everyone wants to receive IWs cock in their bum hole like you do."
"You are all a bunch of wankers for not going, i'd give my left nut to go to this show. Don't tell me it costs too much or some other show is on the night before or, worst of all, it's not interesting enough. If you're not going to one of these shows you're not into metal and you're a gay piece of shit. Fuck you!\n\nDeath to all tour - please come to Australia!!!"
"I'm sure she looks better than the sloppy out of shape bitch you call your girl."
"FUCK YOU!!!! you only want to suck Phillip's dick!!!"
"You're dumb."
"Your a moron. Go\xa0snuggle yourself in potted meat."
