Comment
"You fuck your dad."
"shut the fuck up. you and the rest of your faggot friends should be burned at the stake"
"Either you are fake or extremely stupid...maybe both..."
"That you are an idiot who understands neither taxation nor women's health."
"FOR SOME REASON U SOUND RETARDED. LOL. DAMN. WHERE U BEEN NEGRO"
"You with the 'racist' screen name\n\nYou are a PieceOfShit.........."
"your such a dickhead..."
"Your a retard go post your head up your #%&*"
"Allinit123, your\xa0hypocrisy\xa0is sickening, you ignorant loser."
"I can't believe the stupid people on this site that have no idea what is going on.\xa0 You fools.\xa0 You are all useful idiots.\xa0 They are hiding the truth because you fools who protect him would look like the useful idiots you are."
"fucking behave then you prick!"
"Is that it??  your sum total to any conversation is first abuse and then calling them a troll..   You are a typical socialist idiot.  Keep up your non existent class warfare, it is as pointless as you."
"faggot"
"Aimless Abe you are a delusion weirdo that should be locked up inside and kept away from computers.\xa0 Anyone who doubts the lunacy of Abe the moronic prog frog from NYC please read this thread and you will see Abe completely come apart from the seams and go off the deep end."
"Even as a troll you are a pathetic failure."
"You're a moron, truth is beyond your reach"
"Your anti-Semitic rants are not welcomed here. You are a racist moron.\nFU!"
"god, you're tiresome. get a life, you loser."
"Fact : Georgia passed a strict immigration policy and most of the Latino farm workers left the area. Vidalia Georgia now has over 3000 agriculture job openings and they have been able to fill about 250 of them in past year. All you White Real Americans who are looking for work that the Latinos stole from you..Where are you ? The jobs are i Vadalia just waiting for you..Or maybe its the fact that you would rather collect unemployment like the rest of the Tea Klaners.. You scream..you complain..and you sit at home in your wife beaters and drink beer..Typical Real White Tea Klan...."
"Of course you would bottom feeder ..."
"You are\xa0 a fukin moron. \xa0\xa0 You are just butthurt that you got rejected on WIkipedia.\n\nCall yoursilf scolar or whatever.\xa0 I am better than you,\xa0 just 14 and already a Wikipedia administrator.\xa0 You are just a stupid ashole."
"You are a fucking dumb ass!.  Go back to you Xbox dickhead.  Grow up you little fanboy."
"Lets see your papers arealconservati.\n\nTill then shut the fuuk up sticky-chin."
"Correction Bitch! You don't think it's superb because your hating ass doesn't know talent..And Again I am still waiting on you to submit a video of you singing..Where is the youtube link? I am sure you will get all kinds of rave reviews lol"
