"Bitch,be quiet. Somebody needs to kick your ass for talkin' that stupid shit,hoe."
"You are a complete moron"
"You piece of scum. According to the SA constitution, this lady was a Black person. Hope your mother is the mother of all old cows. Idiot."
"@caljb7 i'm on AAC then ya dumb fuck"
"It's just you smelling your armpits again. GO back to your nails"
"smearedsxhit, what does the phrase below mean?\xa0 I'm just (after all) a 'stupid teabagger, and you are a more intelligent corn filled Obamaballsniffer, so please explain this:\n\n"....I give Fox Nation 3 more weeks.\nThen it's off to stormfront for the baggers."\n\nWhat is 'stormfront?'\xa0 Because, that is the same term 'Berthole' used last night when he/she/it was lurking on another thread.\xa0 Could this mean that you are berthole, lindie and smellyterd!!!\xa0 All rolled into one ignorant pieceofppppoop?"
"Do you realize how retarded, ignorant, sorry, and pathetic you sound?"
"Substantiate your slur....or should we talk about the bi-sek'sual in the WH?\xa0 Don't you think the name Larry Sinclair should be included in your internet 'whispering' campaign?"
"Wally the bigot, and\xa0 cmorris the racist. The new faces of ignorance for the new south. No matter how often they wash their black sheet, it will still carry the smell. Good luck guys, and all those like you. God has a special section for you to sit in when you arrive and your resting spot."
"You sir are not intelligent"
"Hey moron "William Reynolds", impeach YOURSELF and then go kiss a Muslim like your hero Bush."
"I would slap you silly but clearly you are already there."
"Really Joe?\xa0 \nI don't recall anywhere in the\xa0"All My Children" storyline where little boys were raped and sodomized...refresh my memory please...\nBut I guess you'd know all about children, since you impregnated a 16 year old in the past wouldn't you?\xa0 You're as much a pos as your sicko client..........."
"@Enundr\xa0lol.....You sir, are a jackass. wipe the tears from your eyes and move on. Mass Effect sucks."
"http://wiki.eveonline.com/en/wiki/Vigilant\xa0\nBet your glad you didn't have the balls to use your real name. You look like such a dumb ass now (check vigilant bonuses on that link)"
"Get I life u bitch!!!\navande ammede oru lekhanam..."
"It's clueless racists like you who are in complete denial. This boy WAS in fact killed because of his race. There is no "race card". So now that they mentioned race, you are no longer "behind them"? You're as sick as the bastard who pulled the trigger."
"YOU STUPID SHIT! STOP SPAMMING! DELETE HIS PROFILE!!!"
"The difference between your wife and a rooster HoldYourOwn? The rooster says cock-a-doodle doo, your mama says any-cock'll do."
"Dear Pingback, fuck you or using "vidya" It's stupid as shit and you're not fucking funny or part of a precious internet club GTFO\r\nThat goes with you Oldfag, only exception is that "fag" is overused. Die bitch"
"You are an arrogant bitch and what is wrong with \xa0the World today, mostly caused by you pond life bankers!!!!!"
"Another worhless post from a worthless person."
"you're right; there weren't enough toothpick hangovers and tailwhips... Go fuck yourself"
"and fuckface, in order to be situationally aware one would have to read the blog of last week in its entirety. from the point i called ew stupid and told many why they were wrong, till the point where u faggot started making separate threads discussing my trollness"
"You fake Indian. Jadunath, Bana Singh, Karam Singh are not sikhs sorry I wont tell you - because you are an ignorant idiot. The last name singh is used by Rajputs, Jats from Rajasthan, Haryana UP and Bihar."
"Jeff Bootstraps Fisher\n\n\nis a troll.\n\n\nanyone feel free to add to what you think of him."
"\\xc2\\xa0Stop suxing dik for cigarette money hole"
"Shows how much of a dumb-ass you are. Today she used The Globe as a source hahahahahahahahahaaaaa"
"Liberals don't want military intervention, you buffoon."
"you should get banned....you are a little bit psycho"
"LMAO.. You are another clueless moron....only liberal women are kept..they have the masters.."
"This.\n\nTravis, Cornell, Boyce--all them nukkas--I will NEVER forget nor forgive them for showing their black asses out.  Fuck them today, fuck them tomorrow, fuck them forever."
"can anyone say NDAA AND\xa0SURVEILLANCE DRONES, yup 20,000 of them in OUR SKIES in the\xa0next\xa05 years, SO THAT OUR GOVERNMENT CAN SPY ON US EVEN MORE!\xa0\xa0DO THE IMBICILES WHO SUPPORT OBAMA KNOW THAT HE IS\xa0\xa0LAUNCHING DRONES IN OUR SKIES TO SPY ON US? \xa0 I'll bet they don't, little do they know it's just the tip of the\xa0iceberg\xa0he is deconstructing our ENTIRE CONSTITUTION AND WAY OF LIFE!!! What freaking idiots! Go ahead you MORONS, vote him back in and you'll get what you deserve for YOUR STUPIDITY!"
"K_K_K or Nazi? I can't tell which disease you suffer from? Could you please blog some more?"
"Your mom is a mean hoe charging 200 for 15 dollar pussy."
"you're a f-ing pos aren't you? \xa0weak pathetic loser liberal turd. I suppose you kept your virginity until you were married right? or maybe you are still a virgin a s. e x. scares you.... \xa0maybe you are just a perfect holy roller, oh wait that can't be because YOU think holy rollers are all republicans... hmmmm \xa0ok I'll bet you are just an id iot."
"Steve you are proof that agism lives, and that there is really no age range for dumb ignoramus.\xa0\xa0 LOL"
"Phil: You ignorant impolite, rude slut. Go F**K Yourself.\xa0 Exercising freedom of expression, which you apparent;y are against unless it concurs with your outdated view of the world."
"Sounds like you're a scummy family."
"Notheism:\xa0 Are you serious? How can you say this is "revenge".\xa0 The rapist was caught in the ACT.\xa0 I understand your ignorance, but for god sakes, pick up a dictionary."
"Fuck you."
"Go away you orrible little cretin"
"LOL And you eat hot dogs (cow rectums).  LOL"
"What are you guys smoking?"
"_yeah_i_bet_you're_a_occupy_fucking_nigger!"
"JSMASTER\n\ngod youre retarded, the ENTIRE point of this article is to PROMOTE the movie to people so they go see it moron. Not SEEN.....SEE!!!\n\nand the pathetic pr!ck who posted the spoiler is an attention seeking beyond dumb loser who knew exactly what he was doing and posted it just to feel like he was special for once in his life because he got to see a movie a week before its released in the country the movie is made and where most people are going to see it!\n\nand FYI saying pathetic "SPOILER" doesnt make it okay genius, peoples would have immediately seen the giant R.I.P. even if they were trying to avoid it\n\nget a clue before speaking next time idiot"
"Why is it that you don't kill yourself you stupid fascist puppet?"
"Get the fuck out of my comment section you samurai jack lookin muthafucka."
"you are a asshole for putting addicts down!!! why bash us!!! at least we have an excuse wats urz jackass!!!!!!!!!!!"
"shut up idiot go back to listening your chunti music\nmy parents are entrepreneurs who make millions a year\nmy rooms costs more than all of your families homes\noh wait, they do not own anything!!"
"A couple of greedy, non-appreciative hos!"
"Go to hell you old bastard"
"It was his idiot parents, idiot."
"ah, the same way you hate white people. Don't try to act so innoccent."
"Yeah life a programmer behind the keyboard do me a favor no really I really need you to do me a favor alot of people think diffent than you do but since you want to come out your face tough computer screen guy do me a favor and suck my dick ok no beat it cock sucker.\n\nDoc"
"you is shit"
"You were born a bald-headed freak."
"Rob...you're one pathetic asshole...and "libs" aren't responsible for that."
"Moronic statement pea brain.  There is no pledge to be respectful to the commander in chief.  I was still in, am retired, when that trash just about starved us out of the military\\xe2\\x80\\xa6\\xe2\\x80\\xa6that was after voting for him. \\n\\n\\nClueless libtard."
"Go away, Flora. \xa0Take your spam with you. \xa0And if you MUST comment, then\n\ndon't steal words from other posts.\n\nSPAM ALERT \xa0 Flag her post."
"You are a sad, ignorant, pitiable fuck.\n\nI take that back.  You're not worthy of pity."
"That guy is a real fuckstick."
"Really, you do a\xa0one time 100K fund raiser and your comparing it to skipit55....... are you really that stupid.....\xa0 Do the math!\xa0 What a moron, your so proud of yourself: "Did they do that?".\xa0 Yes and they still are adding to it."
"You are a piece of shit mr e=mc2!!\xa0\xa0 I hope you get shot in the face next time you and your fellow gang members break into someone else house.\xa0 SCUMBAG!!!"
"Hey all,\u2028I scream like a b!tch because my daddy has his balls up my ass.\nIf I can sound like a bigger p-ssy drip, let me know, since I'm too fcking stupid to understand when everyone called me a litlle b-tch for talking stupid about Kelly Thomas. I hijack a screen name and post as GROWAPAIR, LOL losers\u2028.\u2028I'm Boyle Heights Citizen--THE ORIGINAL INTERNET PUS$Y, here with never anything to say but to be a brain dead ass breath, I will lick the ass of anyone who calls me GROWAPAIR, he called me out as the ball sniffing chicken punk I am, so I hijack his screen name to show I'm a lowlife sh-thole loser hiding with my daddy's balls up my ass."
"You are such a creep.\xa0 Go back to cooking."
"jay is a bitch w no clue fuck that weak nigga. he probably got slept like that before"
"YO MORON,&nbsp; GET YOUR POPPY COCK BACK TO BED, ITS 330 IN THE MORNING , NOBODY WITH ANY INTELLIGENCE IS GONNA SIT HERE AT 3 AM AND LISTEN TO YOU WHINE WHILE SMOKING YOUR CRACK AND LICKING POSTAGE STAMPS WITH DEAD DRUG ADDICTS ON THEM WHILE YOU LOSE ANOTHER 3.2 BILLION THIS MONTH,&nbsp; GET A LIFE OR JUST ADMIT THAT YOU ARE DENYING A VILLAGE SOMEWHERE OF AN IDIOT.&nbsp; BRILLIANT!"
"Shut the fuck up you ignorant troll"
"bitch stfu u fuckin clown\\n"
"FUCKOFFashreduxagain...you know full well Obama is abusing his power. Prosecutorial discretion is based on an exception one on one basis as they come up. To hand out blanket amnesty to pander to the hispanic vote and then try to hide behind this executive power is abuse and YOU KNOW IT!!"
""You are racist."\n\nJamele Hill"
"coming on here to hate? get a fucking life this is straight fire you dont like it your a pussy"
"Its kind of frightening knowing dbags like you exist."
"fuck you all to hell"
"You need to shut your pie hole and go away. You suck."
"god, get rid of the shitty tattoos and piercings, another decent girl ruined !\n\nand she's not even from LA and got it tatted lol what a fuckin loser !"
"Hey idiot, your caps lock is ON"
"Welcome to the crowd fellow idiot."
"atm55....your words are those truly of an ignorant person"
"The name jacker is such an idiot"
"more like he turn yo ass into a carnival ride, you already look like you take dick in the ass in that homo ass picture of yours."
"ANYBODY AND I MEAN ANY MOTHERFUCKER WHO CONFUSES BILL PULLMAN WITH BILL PAXTON IS A FUCKING IMBECILE BENEATH CONTEMPT"
"you are sickening and pathetic !!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"Apparently you are too stupid to even watch a video and get it right. For your desperately needed information, Reagan was interrupted\xa027 seconds into his statement. The statement was clearly not over for another 20 seconds.\n\nYou have irrefutably proven that you can't get facts straight even when you have a video in front of your retarded face. Thanks for proving me right."
"Your are an idiot"
"Hows your mom's basement doing?"
"and you arent as much of a loser as them? \ni say you are just about worse"
"Damn it Nicole, fuck it up for us, just once. Please?"
"Smacked by who? You coonass boys sure are corny."
"Oh bore off you Stupid twat !"
"Not sure if you are joking or just dumb/have no knowledge in comics."
"Uh Guest, using "uh" doesn't make you sound intelligent or superior. it makes you sound like the moron you always prove yourself to be. In your case you should spell it "duh.""
"No she is not a toad but you are a libturd!"
"Captain, You need to quit standing on your head, You are have a cranial recital inversion problem, You have inserted your cranium so far you your recital cavity you are seeing everything upside down.\\n"
"Yes my filthy little lefty troll....both you and barry have just proven my point!"
"None of that has to do with class\nListen to Serena--classless--horrible human being\nNadal does give his opponent credit--unlike Serena."
"Please don't you are an idiot"
"FUCK ALL HEAT HATERS.YALL CAN SUCK MY DICK , I GOT NOTHING AGAINST OKC BUT FUCK EM TOOO !! WE WINNING THIS YEAR WADE COUNTY KING JAMES BITCHES , 305"
"oh, you got your information from the Fox news network or from some idiotic right-wing tea bagger blogger! They always distort the truth. get a life and stop blaming the president b/c you are a loser in life..."
"Die you bloated sack of cow shit"
"dan_amd\n\n\n\n\nYou have realy no clue on every single idiotic comment of all your posts.\nWE ALL DON'T enjoy your stupid PRO AMD B:U:L:L:S:H:I:T ignorance.\nPlease crawl back then in the fat ass of your gay loving buddy charlie\ndemerjian semiinaccurate and try to find the light inside - U stupid FAG!\n\n\n\n\nWE REALY DON'T NEED AND WANT YOUR POST HERE ANYMORE!"
"You are a born m o r o n."
"Then don't watch it loser."
"That's because you're all morons."
"grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr i hate that motherfuck her dad need\xa0 to be burned at stake"
"Gee whiz ryan is your dik that small? Maybe you should invest in some of that dik extender instead of a new computer. You are nothing but a keyboard warrior."
"hey dick lick you don't know me i go to all the ufc fights i know what goes down most of the fighters hate fighting for the ufc because their under paid so you think i don't nothing you mexican princes screw you and the dick you ride on\\xc2\\xa0"
"Yeah, and you're a fuckingterrorist supporting skumbag. Fuckingloser!"
"And you are the one who daily licks it out."
"Go suck gay boy Brocks filthy-cock."
"thats is complete bullshit because black people arent the only people that can have soul you sound ignorant as \xa0shit whites struggle to im black i have many of white friends thjat had it rough growing up so if you really belive that white cant relate c'mon now"
"You're an uniformed idiot, lazy/maxketter.\xa0 Many CSRS people (me included) have paid in the full 40 "quarters", yet only will receive a very small percentage of full SS.\xa0 I paid in my 40, and then continued to pay every single month for the next\xa028 years through military reserves payrolls, yet I will receive zero credit for any of that 28 years because it didn't quite reach the threshold of "substantial" contributions.\xa0 So that was money down the drain.\xa0 More accurately, some of it is going to you, while you spend your life whining about dedicated federal employees who get much less from the government trough than you do."
"Im talking present you moron lol."
"Apparently so are you, idiot."
"<STRONG><A>YOU ARE A MEAN SPIRITED AZZHOLE.  POSTERS HAVE ASKED YOU TO STOP THIS!!!!  NO WONDER EVERYONE ON THIS BLOG HATES YOU!"
"If I could find you..the correct term for your filty-h0m0 life would become....extinct."
"you are retarded"
"@FUCK:disqus\xa0YOU CNN FAGGOTS."
"Or a flaming queen like Gheyrooster!"
"fuck off, fucking pathetic bitch, too much to say for yourself.google it."
"Decapitate? \xa0The helmet hit him in the ass...where "your" head is!"
"You`re a sad excuse for a human being."
"Your pussy. Stop hitting woman and fight me bitch ass nigga"
"Don't forget to add that she inspired a troll such as yourself to chime in.... now go back under your bridge and behave yourself."
"No one on the left wast's an all encompassing government, you idiot."
"Bitch you digraced the whole nation.. Now wait for the whole Pakistan to bombard you with their precious comments! Fuckin FRAUD!"
"They can buy and they can apply for residency just like any other person. So shut up you ignorant fool."
"Yea because I waste my time\xa0documenting\xa0your lunacy. Sorry dikhead we all know you and what you post. Unlike you we don't suffer from ADD"
"You are literally like a robot creation from my nightmares. Do they have you on drips feeding all this utter horror into you.\n\nLet's hope we never meet, I won't know whether to pray for you or just knock your lights out."
"he weak ass fuck"
"your a fucking toolbag. Why do you think there is a menu? So you can order what they fucking make, not so you can modify shit like some sort of royal prince creating your own masterpiece. Your not paying for the meal really, your paying for Darden INC. to pay me, to talk to your fuckin ugly ass. Your "meal" your eating is worth about 1/8 of what your paying for it. The rest is for the cooks and I having to deal with you. I just dont get why people think they have some sort of entitlement. Your a baboon, your eating at a fast food joint you chunky jerk! And I pissed on your salad! How you like them breadsticks"
"O.o some of you fucks who post in this board are retarded. The Waste are fucking awesome! And that show was sick! Fucking internet troll pricks."
"LOL!!!! Read the ENTIRE paper REIDtard. Typical poorly educated LIBIDIOT."
"and you are a MORON."
"Victor Moore you are one dumb ass writher or you are smoking some bad crack. WTF suck hawks nock off the NINERS. WTF. dude buy some good coke. Stay off that bad shit...DUDE are you hanging with Bobby Brown. Dang...."
"lmao oh yeah? please tell me how the fuck i'd be "rigging the polls faggot". maybe if your ass wasn't so dumb youd think of ways to get people to vote your shitty music 5/5. heres two that have apparently been working: make an event on facebook with directions to vote, message the online people on facebook and personally tell them to vote. come on buddy put your brain to work maybe you can be charlie sheening too..smh"
"LOL you failed as well....People need to learn to stop correcting others for a minimal grammatical error considered irrelevant, because, as can be seen by the lack of "be" in "\nso it would easier", we all make mistakes, we are humans, and most regular individuals don't give importance to typing correctly on the internet, unless you are a super grammar nazi."
"you truely are a dumb*** hilly i never said it was great i said #8 all time your just stupid aint you."
"schoolswot\n\nNo its just smug idiot left wing hypocrites that I despise. It is just unfortunate that there are so many of you about."
"oh god!!!  grow up you sad little loser!!!!"
"so its sad you idiot.  Ray is one of the best pure shooters... so dumb"
"No, ike i said earlier, Sir you are an A S S"
"it's fucking fake drama queen!"
"who da fuk are you calling adumbas pussy.... you'r probully a negro with big ass lips and a big ass nose."
"STFU you ignorant communist puke.."
"Nnamdi chuwkwu you are \xa0nothing but dick sucker i wish i'm BOKO.. i will bomb your generation.. .you need to relocate to ZOO"
"yes, but now you are just a moron!"
"That girl kinda look cock eye'd but its ok I'd fuck her till that shit turnt straight"
"Stick it up your ass-faggot. \n\nyou get another FLAG!!!!!"
"Your Teabilly slutchild is just as ignorant as her mother.\nYou people are the trailer trash of America."
"While your syntax is fine, your spelling is drug-addled."
"dick face u would do shit fake ass "
"Oscar did the right thing so shut the fuck up that asshole dont have any right to hit him like that over a ball. I hope Oscar went over there and put that ball right up\xa0Joe\xa0Jackson \xa0ass."
"haha fuck you bitch your a fukn cripled cunt fuck you motherfucker stay off this page unless you want to die bitch!!!"
"Double retard for you."
"If they don't see your ugly face they're lucky. Turd sucker."
"true intellect aren't you!! Tebow isn't unemployed, you really are a pathetic idiot"
"No matter how hard you try, your_nasty existance is still not normal."
"you sound like rain man."
"Whaaaa whaaaaaa, When you lose intellectually you freaks either blame Bush or name call.  Newt went in debt a few mill. \xa0But the god-damned comunity organizer sunk us down 6 TRILLION. \xa0 You dicks are pitiful."
"If it proves anything, it proves that you are not an idiot."
"do the research, I'll bet you don't know jacksquat about obies past."
"THAT'S GOOD TO KNOW BECAUSE WE WILL NEVER TOUCH A PIG LIKE YOU. WHERE DO YOU GET OFF THINKING YOU PEOPLE ARE SUPERIOR AND THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE IN THE WORLD?\xa0(BYTCHPLEASE)\xa0UNLIKE YOU PEOPLE, WE DON'T GO AROUND DISRESPECTING THE DECEASED. YOUR (LITTLEDYCK) CAN'T EVEN TOUCH THE SURFACE. ONLY A PHATPIG LIKE U WOULD SPEND SO MUCH TIME ON AN ALL BLACK WEBSITE POSTING RACIST COMMENTS BECAUSE YOU ARE UNHAPPY WITH SELF. AT LEAST WE HAVE CONFIDENCE. GO GET SOME SELF-ESTEEM AND A (DYCKIMPLANT)."
"Lick it clean, turd-breath."
"What a smug basket you are."
"Peter,\nYou are quite the idiot.\xa0 Are you really this clueless or are you foolishly letting your liberal bias dictate your writings?"
"All I see in these comments is niggas bitching more then biggest bitches i know.."
"Were you born stupid or did you have to work at it??"
"Keep telling yourself that, you dumb tea maggot.\xa0 The only true racists left are turds like you and your worthless tea maggot friends."
"im the homo but you made a comment about liking a guy pic with his shirt off like you wanted to fuck him but im the homo right i'll let the truth speak for itself queer ass fuck boy"
"May you and your children get the same "deserved" treatment and end up rotting in the ground."
"There you go again telling LIES you are a LAFFS FAN\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 IDIOT and fooling yourself only BIRD BRAIN"
"You mean like stealing identity such as you are now? Not hardly troll! FLAGGED FOR FAKE SHITT!"
"it means you are stupider than average, unable to punch your way out of a wet paper bag. \xa0But at least you have bragging rights to bully others around with your insane liberal concepts."
"and you are a idiot.... I hope and pray you never responsible to protect any child especially a four year old.. in this event where one decides to hurt or possibly kill a child he has already signed his own death warrant...."
"I'm going to break my own policy of not replying to idiots just this once to tell you what a minimum of reading comprehension should have already told you: The multiple user names reference was to ltdgovt who starting creating a bunch of new ones after claiming to have been banned which never happened as far as I can tell. If it had, creating new user names wouldn't help. As far as whatever your deal is, I don't really give a shit, you whiny little bitch."
"hatethehype you are an idiot. Neil was joking."
"don't worry bitch. I no more read this shit. Now just shut the fu.ck up"
"You don't seem to get what I am trying to say, so good day. I'm sick of you\xa0arguing\xa0with anything that you disagree with. I'm not going to be pulled into your stupid\xa0arguments."
"dont worry how i sound u bitch made faggot ass nigga"
"I bet it took awhile for this guy to extract his foot from his mouth."
"What a dumbgeister it is F for FAILURE all your distorted life if lies"
"White men like to rape little boys"
"Say it isn't so, \xa0NBC caught editing tapes again, they\xa0has been editing stories for years to fit their FLEABAGGER viewpoint for years now, \xa0it is just that no one ever called them on it !!!! You all have to remember that MSNBC & NBC & all the rest of the FLEABAGGER LIBTARD networks are nothing but a bunch of FOCKING HACKS !!! I just can't wait until these FLEABAGGERS are off the air PERMANENTLY, there are 11 FLEABAGGER networks compared to the one conservative network, which is Fox !!!! \xa0Fox network has been beating\xa0all\xa0the FLEABAGGER NETWORKS in the Nielsen Ratings\xa0for the last 10 years, HA ! HA ! HA ! you STUPID FLEABAGGER LIBTARDS will never learn will you\xa0!!!!!!!!! You FLEABAGGER networks are losing viewership because of your made up news & even other FLEABAGGERS know the BULLSHlT you are up\xa0to & they don't appreciate it !!!!"
"fake pic u hoe ass nigga!"
"wife you are a vile racist bigot !!"
"Really? Police wouldn't use tear gas on a white man wanted for 3 counts of capital murder? You are such a fool."
"burr-headed, purple lipped Kenyan?????\xa0 are you a human or a right wing asshole.\xa0 go back under your bridge."
"Guess what? No one gives a fuck about you. Get off SNSD articles."
"LIZZARONNA\xa0\nNot only does your ignorance shine through per your ignorant comments , but you can't spell or form a sentence , pathetic loser !"
"You are a lying son of a bitch. \xa0Let's see you post some facts supporting your assertion."
"YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH! YOU SHUT IT RIGHT NOW! YOU'RE GIVING HIM IDEAS, GODDAMMIT!"
"BACK OFF HATER'Z!\nJUST LEAVE THEM ALONE CUZ ITS NONE OF YOUR BUSSINESS BITCHES:)\n\nJUST IGNORE THEM OLSEN:):):);0:)"
"yup gang of little nigglet thugs"
"Go drop dead you fcuking loser. Ram a boom-stick up your hairy ass you sex starved unbalanced freak fcuk."
"Leave it to a moron to dump smoldering embers into a trash bin next to a house"
"how the fuck did you come to the conclusion that she initiated anything? You sound like one of those punk niggas who would find any excuse to hit a girl. Go sit doen in timeout"
"White people invented taco bell you ignorant fuck, you dumb as this nigger in the video. And I aint no fucking wetback, wetbacks are mexicans who swam across the border i was born and raised in san jose california so fuck you and by the way i like peanut butter and cell phones so stick a burrito up your ass im sure thats the only way YOU can enjoy it"
"You either know that is a lie or you have not checked."
"Go and tell him to fuck himself, the twat"
"Honey, get some brains because quite obviously you didn't read everything I said. Reread it, and if you still have the same crap to say, then and by the way, I am a grown woman. Not a little boy, you racist, stereotypical, bored-ass, son of a bitch, who has a lower IQ than my dumb ass dog. You haven't had to live the life of a minority so pull your head out of your ass, get some REAL research-like maybe live like us minorities have to-and then go realize how good you have it, you white-ass rich kid bastard. And good job by the way, you threw some big words in there to make you sound intelligent, too bad your argument still sucks."
"I just checked and there are many races mixed in Spain. If she called herself Hispanic, then she has that in her blood. You are so arrogant of an online troll that you THINK you know about people you can't possibly know about. It's sickening."
"That was the fuck of that lil cunts life ..goood job! !"
"If I didn't know better, I'd have thought you were the one who wrote this piece of tripe, in a Sacramento publication no less. \xa0As for the career-long cheap-shot elbow-throwing adulterer, and accused rapist Saint Kobe boy, karma is a biatch, isn't it? \xa0It doesn't matter. \xa0 Kobe-Dolt shouldn't even be mentioned in the same breath as Lebron. \xa0The man-child couldn't carry his sack. \xa0It's just something you, and other Faker fans can fantasize about. \xa0As for you, my tiny little Faker worm...it's time to crawl back down into your little hole. Your old girls are going down soon. \xa0You can bet on it. \xa0I am. \xa0 Life is good."
"Are you proud of your trolls?"
"LMAO. Do people who hate gays and lesbians really think protesting will get us to stop having kids and being a family?? You serious?? Its funny how everyone quotes the bible but it also says DIVORCE is a sin, BEING A DRUNKARD is a sin, BEING A BASTARD is a sin, CHEATING IS A SIN. Have you idiots not read the 10 commandments?? Those are ALL ABOMINATIONS! You anti-gay homophobes are so ignorant. Karma is a bitch. You just wait and see, haters."
"You are the disgusting one."
"What they would've edited it to say?\n\nYou really love showing how ignorant and blatantly brainwashed you are don't you? Covgrats, now we all know how much of a loser you are, fstaff."
"You're a fu cking idiot.\xa0 You don't even know what the word 'smart' means."
"Why did they interview you?\r\n\r\nDid you commit suicide?"
"You talked to grade school kids with strong opinions on Bill Maher today?\n\nYou're a f ucking liar."
"you're not stupid, just dumb"
"The child molester calling someone a racist, too funny! And then you make a gay slur, hilarious!"
"You are a traitor."
"And what happens when a bunch of religious fanatics defend a pedophile?\xa0 Gee, sounds like the Catholic church!\xa0 You are a disgusting piece of work."
"If you think it's is so insignificant, why are you spending time commenting, unless you are a troll and can't help yourself. Get a life."
"go fuck yourself."
"Shudup and pay your fair share for a change you greedy cracker. \xa0You sound like a jew when yous tart whining about money, it's time you paided your fair share."
"Ha ha, Anthony is idiot. \xa0He thinks he knows basketball but is too dumb to know he is dumb."
"Wrong again - look it up fool. The list of "SB winner w/ Hall of Fame QBs at the helm" is NOT ENDLESS. Not even close you boob. Quit talking out of your ass. Scatterbrain is a good name for you - afixing your IQ to the end of it is also a nice touch."
"Thank You! You just proved to everyone here that you possess an IQ of no higher than 20."
"Jerome the fruit.. the worlds STILL isn't going to accept you and your sodomite father doing each other to unconsciousness.. get over it"
"Still proclaiming your stupidity"
"First off, I'm a girl you piece of shit and spawn of the devil. Second, RESEARCH MY NAME AND IT WILL COME OUT AS SON OF LUCIFER? REAAAAALLY? I PITY YOUR PARENTS, HAVING A CHILD AS BUGO AS YOU. YOU KEEP SAYING I AM THE FATHER OF THIS, FATHER OF THAT, UNYA? IS THAT THE BEST YOU CAN COME UP WITH? BRING IT ON DIPSHIT, BRING IT."
"Ah. \xa0You're one of *those* guys (self-flagellating\xa0alt-tech guy)."
"I hope you liberals/progressives/soc ialists/com munists who are commenting here are really proud of yourselves with your fi lth y comments about AB.\\xc2\\xa0 Keep it up.\\xc2\\xa0 It shows who you really are, a bunch of snarky, ha te ful, elitist, de cei tful, and dec eived useful id i ots of the dark.\\xc2\\xa0 Crawl away slim ers."
"Yet here you are, day after day, supporting the paper by clicking on links and making comments, increasing site traffic.\n\nYou just cant cure stupid."
"WTF are you talking about? & more important shit? like taking time out of your life to comment on me calling another nigga ugly? Hmm yeah your still in middle school."
"I'm no liberal you cocksucker, just not so stupid a fucker as to shoot a kid going for candy... You're a puzzy that is scared of shadows."
"rec just shut your mouth with your neo-nazism. you are just a weak minded social reject compelled to strong leaders like hitler because you cant fend for yourself."
"If its so lame why did you read this or for that matter search this topic maybe you should think a little more before you make yourself look like a fucking hippocrate."
"you are an ignorant piece of sh#t."
"I'm a butch woman: won't you come try and whoop my ass you weak ass sniffling  little troll???? In fact better yet bring your wife along,,she's almost hot,and I'm sure she'd hightail it away from you BOY!!!!! :*"
"I am not "dude"....you moron! Go back to your mothers"
"Are you guys fucking retarded ? you're trying to take pictures of these girls ?! you guys are worse than the scum of the earth"
"pepes list updated:\n\n\nBEST PLACE TO GET YOUR DICK SUCKED:\n\n\nHialeah swag's house\n\nbetween him and his mom te sacan la espumita"
"What's funny as hell is Rooster and you being married, retard."
"Chasm when you spam like the village idiot you are you will never get any converts to your stupid political bias cause ......\xa0 Nice pointy tin foil hat you got there too bud!"
"Would it make ya feel any better if he was molesting girls? You're really dumb, but you're dumb by choice. You choose to ignore everyone telling you facts, but you choose to be dumb."
"you are a fool"
"sorry are you lost little boy the men are talking please take your whineing else were\xa0and notice how no body sad anything about cod"
"Taxing people at different levels is not redistribution of wealth you fucking retard.\xa0 That's like saying a fat person is redistributing fat by eating more."
"Stop wasting our air you idiot."
"How can you possibly be such an ass hole all the time? Jesus, this is exhausting. People that say they have big dicks generally have small ones. Hahah, believe it or not, I defended your bitch ass when you first joined the website. Pussy."
"I am going to hate all over this page because Im homophobic..... FUCK OFF LESBIAN GOOD THING THAT BITCH DIED ONE LESS LESBO IN THE WORK"
"DO YOUR JOB IN HATE LOSER"
"Crawl back under your bridge you miserable pathetic troll."
"ponyfags fuck off"
"You are completely clueless."
"You can get treatment for your dillusional inferiority complex, you sad little troll."
"Damnit GW, don't be such a pussy. You liked the white you should have stuck with the white."
"No you are just stupid."
"You are a\xa0 really well-rounded idiot, aren't you?"
"Yuck imagine knowing a total fucking douche like you!  Your mom should have swallowed dude!  She did this world an injustice!"
"Ok now your getting silly, which is not a surprise coming from liberals like you"
"I'd rather see you getting lynched!"
"I bet you take monstrous shits."
"You are despicable and disgusting."
"I think one might get rabies from biting you. Do you actually read what you type? You're a psycho. And you may be newish here, but you sound like this old fart who used to fill this forum with similar mindless drivel. \n\nWhy do you hate Romney so much? Clearly even such a mentally senile old dip stick like yourself recognizes that he is nothing more than the white version of Barrack Obama. I don't really think you're on drugs. Only someone mentally disturbed can sound like a as much a crackpot as you do."
"And he helped to remove\xa0Mubarak by??????????? \xa0Oh I forgot, he was demonstrating in Cairo all those nights back in 2010. \xa0You are so blinded by your own political stupidity."
"You're reaching.  I am a proud American.  You're still an idiot."
"u are a sick moron"
"You are the fake."
"So you are a serbian traditionalist retard?\n\nWhat about serbian mafia, like Zemun clan and Arkan?\n\nYou hypocrisy is laughable."
"mrbreeze68: that marks you a dumb Arab."
""Madden. Mass Effect, Battlefield, Need For Speed. Those games all have competitors" \n\nIGN biasd EA gave us money LIE!!\n\nShow me the motherfucking compitition for Madden PLEASE PLEASE prove me wrong, untill then...make sure you stop trying to act like your just generally interested in why we hate EA and not paid by them to ask this question. Your some greedy fucks just like them and your not fooling anyone but the middle schoolers."
"Makes you a filthy nasty poor trash racist loser."
"Honey, you're only getting a taste of your own medicine here. You're one of the biggest internet bullies and a dumb one at that. How many times have you called other girls whores and prostitutes or made racist statements, but, of course, when you do it it's totally something else. May I remind you when you had to publicly apologize to Dawn Yang for the things you said about her and when you called women liars who were raped by a man which you deemed 'too good looking' to rape someone? Don't start your faux feminist shit when you don't have a fucking clue about what it means to respect women. You deserve all the backlash and more because, face it, you're an asshole."
"Some village is missing their idiot."
"Aw... da poor Amber is out of clever retorts so he resorts to 4 year old parrot tactics...\xa0\nLol!!\xa0 :)\xa0 You've now regressed beyond what that 7 year old bully did to you!\xa0 Bravo!!\xa0\nPerhaps we can regress you to the point that you spit up on youself like an infant?"
"Yeah, Leon. \xa0I mean, you kinda should shut the fuck up if you're going to be critical of anyone with that avi up. \xa0It's too easy. \xa0Almost like a person with Downs Syndrome (sp) getting beside themselves and calling another (Non-Downs) person stupid during an unfortunate episode. \xa0Knock that shit off, sir. \xa0Your entire cyber being is rife with ridiculousness."
"THIS FAGGOT WILL FLOP"
"why don't your wife blow all off\\xc2\\xa0the liberals for a quarter each and donate the money,,,????"
"i think both of you need to grow up and stop arguing over a fuckin computer all day and do something with your lives like maybe go outside for a change or get out of your moms basement and find a job. :D"
"you're clearly retarded."
"Your dumb."
"no you shut the fuck up attacking doctors. Bloody creeps like you all screeching "fuck doctors!" & slagging them off wholesale until you need one to save your life or your kids life or your granny's life, then you crawl and beg for them to help, cry on their shoulder, wring their hands with thanks when they save your life etc.\n\nselfish little spoilt ****'s the lot of you. Like whining children who want it all but at no cost to themselves.\n\n"ooh boo hoo we have to pay doctors a decent wage and pension, boo hoo!"\n\nGo live in africa then if you love your "I-wont-pay-a-penny-for-a-civilised-society" capitalism so much."
"@cnn-fcbba858f167b1594a66777bca:disqus \n\nYou've got "islamic apologist" written all over your face. These people were poisoned, plain and simple."
"That's not funny,,,whats funny would be your family watching you DIE of A $$ cancer, ha haa haaa"
"cockneywideboy\n\nSo your the obese twat taking up all the pavement...get a diet going and come back when you're cockneyslimboy."
"Are you and Higher(replying to mesaman above) the same loser or are you sniffing the same glue pot? \xa0Perhaps you are just libtard products of our sorry education system, in which case you should be offered a real education in the USMC, if they would take you."
"She should've let her dumbass sister keep getting hit. Look how she screamed for her to stop beating him up. This is gonna sound fucked up but IDC. If a bitch gotta have her shit leaking and be near death to learn, SO BE IT."
"You are a typical one liner Fu&^tard troll."
"You're not the world's best debater."
"I already explained\xa0that sissy but,i'll say it i'll say it again to a little punk b*tch like you.White folks cheer and support him because their -you're tired of seeing black boxing champions so they will support any fighter\xa0as long as their\xa0not black idiot."
"you p%nk a##  chump i will knock your block off you internet coward . ny bamma!!!!!!!!"
"@Bexxcc\xa0\xa0@bubzsucz\n\xa0YOU'RE THE SICKO YOU BITCH. YOU KNOW WHAT, YOUR WHOLE LIFE IS UGLY AND THERE'S NOT ONE THING THAT PEOPLE LIKE ABOUT YOU. GET A LIFE AND DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO BITCH I'LL PUNCH YO FACE TILL YOU TURN PURPLE"
"When you are\xa0 s u c k i n g\xa0 Odumbo's\xa0 d i c k, do you swallow?"
"So are you. Oh wait, sorry, you're just an idiot. God has no sympathy for you. Sorry you were born stupid. Take care!"
"No!\xa0 You are an idiot!!"
"....Wade....You are a pathetic piece of former star CRAP"
"FUCK YOU."
"NO WHITE PERSON WHO WAS NOT RACIST WOULD E V E R CALL THEIR FRIEND THAT. YOU ARE A BUNCH OF COONS. HER AND HER WHITE FRIENDS HAD A REALLY GOOD LAUGH!"
"i defended lana every time  someone said bad things about her, now i dont know what to think, lana is a bitch and a whore"
"More idiots posting on a subject they nothing about."
"you are an idiot pbgallag. it has been a rough 2012 for halladay. but with the career he has had to say he sucks is ignorant and reflects more on your lack of intelligence."
"do you know who I AM? FU YOU 30 ROCKSUCKER"
"you sound like an ignorant dickhead."
"You are an evil despicable animal, and I'm sure eventually you'll get yours. God has a special plan for vile creatures like you."
"fucking idiot!"
"Youre fucking retarded"
"You are a moron son.. Come on be a man and call it like it is.."
"LOL\xa0 Look at the brain\n\tdamage. Momma drink when she was pregnant?"
"you're an idiot"
"you know you love when i give details like when you suck my cock and i say 'oh swallow me while i finger your asshole'"
"Still here? \xa0You love getting smacked around ,huh? \xa0You just keep coming back for more."
"and you're fucking Pinterest up! It used to be so cool and friendly before people like you found a way to abuse it."
"I admitted a work history that included protecting kids from creeps like you w/ the NYPD; Ronald Reagan not only visited us twice but praised us in a State of the Union; the NY GIANTS came to lift weights and a republican cabinet member came w/ out fan fare to serve dinner every now & then; I guess Nancy Reagan hugging our kids made her suspicious too. get a life; and speaking of life, once again what has your miserable life ever amounted to?"
"why are you still here then????....SIMPLETONS like you are anything but refreshing..."
"You are not one of us. Fuck off fag"
"Nope, I have a brain.. unlike you"
"how many times do i have to tell u retards. i dont live in the uk. it was 2pm when i commented u utter bellend."
"I suppose it's just to give retards like you something to do."
"Let me rephrase my initial comment about you and your post;\nPathetic little boy."
"Thanx for the fake address. Knew you were a bltch. Go tell your mom to bring you some cookies."
"We are not talking about INCEST here you fool.....use your common sense when making an irrational statement that you claim is rational!"
"You sir/madam, are a d*ck."
"@lazerbyte Shut the fuck up -_- so where do you shop your clothes k-mart ? if you dont your a sucker for clothes brand like Hollister or American eagle or some skater brand\n\xa0\nGo kill yourself Your ignorant"
"I wanna skull fuck both of you.right.now that is after i blow ur brains out with my shotgun in a horrid mess you low life fuckin imbiciles"
"Reported, you redneck coward."
"Go away libTURD, your kind just can't stand that the man told the truth, something you would never understand! "
"Are you asking because your Mom wants to sell your anus to her crack dealer?"
"It's not the acting I'm talking about, it's the rediculous salaries for something that doesn't benefit humanity other than entertainment purposes.\xa0 Sorry you misunderstood...you must be an actor...if you are, I hope you do great things with your money to help our society instead of spending it on material objects that won't help you when you get sick...just saying!"
"And you really believe SHE PAID for that car? Really??? Damn, you dumb! LMAO!!!"
"S T F U and pay your dues"
"Randal, regarding your first paragraph above, what articulett said!\n\nRegarding you second paragraph, you really don't see what you are forced to do here, do you? It's what I see you arguing on your blog and in our co-written book. You stretch things to suit what you believe. You use improbabilities to conclude a probability. You do this all of the time, almost in every case. \n\nTake my speculation that most non-believers, especially former Christians, have heard many of the \nthings you say in this book, but most Christians have not considered the \nthings I say in it. (that's how I meant the sentence per aritculett).\n\nFirst off, when it comes to FORMER CHRISTIANS we were scared to death to seriously doubt our faith. We were scared because of the threat of hell if we get it wrong. You probably do not understand this. When the time comes for you to seriously doubt your faith you will understand it. At that point you must be convinced your faith has almost no probability to it at all in order to reject it, since that is the\xa0 point where Pascal's Wager has no more force on us. So we investigated it thoroughly, most of us. The more educated we are in our faith then the more we must investigate it. So it's more likely what you have said in our book will be things most former Christians have considered before.\n\nI have a mountain of anecdotal evidence for this as well. Almost every Christian I have spoken to always learns something from me and I have learned little or nothing from them. This scenario repeats itself every time I have a disunion with a Christian, and can be seen from the responses to my blog over a six and a half year period. I teach them. They do not teach me.\n\nWhen it comes to NON-BELIEVERS in general studies have shown that non-believers know more about the Bible than Christians. That's evidence, baby. The probability therefore\xa0 that non-believers will not learn as much from you in our book is more likely, than otherwise.\n\nSo these speculations of mine have evidence for them. Evidence. That's what I'm talking about, here, there, and in our co-written book. You must skirt it at almost every step in order to believe. \n\nAnd you provide some evidence that this is what you do here. You compared the probabilities of my speculations with predicting how many people will get rained on next February 18th. I did not say how many believers would learn more from me than you, nor did I speculate how many skeptics would not learn as much from you. I only speculated than MOST believers would learn more from me. Most, as defined as above 50%, minimally. You however compared my speculations with prediction of how many people would get rained on next February 18th. That's asking someone to specify a mathematical number of people who will get rained on. You are also asking for the impossible, or the near impossible, since no one can predict what the weather will be like on one part of the planet seven months from now (charitably assuming that's your comparison rather than asking someone to predict the number of people who will get rained on globally). w\n\n*ahem* there is absolutely NO comparative parity here at all.\n\nThis is what I see you do all of the time.\n\nThe unfortunate thing is that I have to spend 15-20 minutes explaining this to your deluded mind. That's a waste of your mind in my opinion, a waste of an otherwise bright mind who would never use it in like this in any other area of life except when it comes to your faith.\n\nNot only that, but I predict you are not done defending this utterly ignorant comparison.\n\nYou do realize that I've stopped wasting so much time blogging because of Christan like you, correct? Your reasoning abilities when it comes to your faith is just that bad, sorry. I have no hopes of convincing you jsut as I have no hopes of convincing a leader in Scientology. You cannot be argued out of your faith because you were never reasoned into it in the first place.\n\nThere is only hope for others."
"Awww....it's ok, your mummy gave you up because you were a hideously ugly and stupid child."
"Only a black racists idiot would claim that the NAACP is not racist in todays world, especially since you're a member.\n\nAnd I don't give a 'bo' whether you take that personally or not."
"Linux Torvalds: "NVIDIA, FUCK YOU !" \nthis will remain in history, if Linus said it then Nvidia deserves it"
"You stupid racist motherfucker! I bet you'd never say that to a black man or woman't face would you?"
"Idiot: if they try to land the plane it is too heavy & will have a very bad accident & could kill everyone. Crawl back under your rock where it is dark. Better to dump fuel than kill everyone & more on the ground."
"You wicked shit, you have the mitigated gall to call the Lord's name in your filthy beer smelling mouth."
"<B>Demonocrats are the party of 56,000,000 ABORTIONS.\n\nALSO, HOMOSEXUALITY IS ABOUT AS EVIL AS IT GETS IN HUMAN BEINGS. You are the most violent MERCYLESS MONSTERS TO EVER DRAW BREATH. \n\nGAYDOLPH SURROUNDED HIMSELF WITH YOU. There were LIMITS ON YOUR SAVAGERY(Source, A CREATURE named CHAZ, tole me).\n\nRhetorical question, Scroto, WHERE WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE THE NEXT SEVERAL THOUSAND INNOCENT AMERICANS, BE TURNED INTO COOKED DOG FOOD?"
"Really! Understand this. I'd tell you to go fuck yourself, but you have  your head shoved so far up your ass, theres no room for your shriveled  dick."
"shut up faggot face faggot lol"
"oh just shut your shitty mouth stinky queen!go clean your toilets!"
"Fat, like you Kurt?"
"Your name isn't Richard its "Dick".\xa0 See me funny.\xa0 Loser.\xa0 Now go get a job. Dumbass.\xa0 No need to reply while mommy is wiping your ass.\xa0 Wow this is fun. haha."
"Your comment exposes you as iliterate and a\xa0fool"
"you are a stupid writer!!!"
"You realize everytime you take a crap, you are polluting."
"What a pathetic little man you are."
"OVER promoted idiot \xa0- get your facts right!"
"typical Muslim, what do you expect from him?"
"Think if a little man like PAC makes floyd run for his life,I wonder what he will do if he did have to fight S.R.R  He would pull an OJ in a bronco with the gu.n to his pointed head"
"not funny jack@$$. you are a total db! friggin moron."
"What you are, jussi, is a plain old fashioned IDIOT. I am no fan of the USA any more than I am a fan of airchair bigot warriors like yourself.\n\n\nI am talking about the politics inherent in warfare AND made a comment as to why Hamas chooses NOW to accept responsibility openly, you fool.\n\nThis is the area I am trained in, political science. Not superstition and religiously-motivated jargon, like you."
"@RN506:disqus Read through the comments on this thread and you're the definition of a dick rider. I bet you have a poster of 50 in your room."
"lol and by the way u seem with ur anime icon ur just another manga fan that cant get pussy so he jerks off with fake titted women lol i purposely commented again just to piss u off now go eat a dick theirs a pimp sumwhere that needs the money\\xc2\\xa0from your ass on ur knees"
"@ ede444 and that's all you've got to say is it well i won't be losing any sleep over it. Whether or not you are the same person or not you have the same stupid mentality. You're both like a couple of children so, easy to think you are one and the same. Your posts are the poorest in taste so you can't complain at mine. Calling me names just makes you look like a fool. If you think\xa0I'm\xa0showing off with any of my post it must mean you haven't done much with your own life. My posts are just a reflection of the truth to which you are obviously a green eyed monster. Nothing special to me or most people to say what languages one can speak or whether they've had the chance to meet important people.\xa0Perhaps\xa0you should concentrate on bettering your sad miserable life instead of posting childish comments to me."
"_go_eat_your_dog_you_pos_libtard"
"Excellent command of the English language! Once again I want to commend you ni@@ers on your "skillz"."
"The fuck is wrong with you?!? You are so fucked up how can you say that!"
"i will fuckin kill u in real life track u down than shove a katana u ur ass just bcuz we asians r smarted than u dicks doesnt mean u could beat him up i swear i will be at chicago in 2 hours"
"Hmm pointless lives.....\xa0 yup, Elitist Pig you are...."
"cant beleive the crap you say, you spell your name as the female Andi, so i do hope you are female,or are you just another ignorant idiot that gives Americans a bad name?"
"why dont you just eatshitanddie? you are not wanted here, now run along skippy."
"Floyd, you are a coward, plain and simple.\n\nThat is all."
"That's right magoo you assclown, you are now my bitch. LOL, are you saying you got pwned by a dork? LOLOLOL! Quit trying to write off your libtard mistake of replying to me as just having fun. Anyone reading the thread can see how confused you were in your unsolicited reply. Your life must be pretty boring if all you have to do is stick your nose up my ass and follow me around. My own personal stalker! I'm flattered. It must be you who is liking all my posts. Gee thanks! Now you will have to fight Blue F for ass time with your noses, he seems to be firmly entrenched. LOLOLOL! Rock on doofus!"
"hey cock sucker i have a decent job so before you go running that big dick sucker of yours get the facts straight and if you were actually a hard ass you would come say this shit to my face you pansy piece of shit next time you want to talk shit to me post it with your mother fucking name nigga"
"You can't sing, and you can't pray but you can wahoo it up over gay rape..just plain fuck liberals..all of them..and knock the dog shit out of them first if you are so inclineds."
"Absolutely moronic and unable to see the just motivation for legislation.\n\nDrink driving is a crime, not drinking alcohol. Why can you not comprehend that? Are you really that fucking stupid?"
"Quit..fucking..with my trolling..douche"
"Poor baby, you didn't get your extreme santorum, Ron Paul, or any of the other losers. Vote for Obama punk! You are a bitter "Coney Island Whitefish" that never had a chance to be used. You are worthless and a pintless ideologue bigot... Your sentiment of vitriol comes at know surprise. you must have given a a bunch of money away.... Poor baby (literally). Punk!"
"Wow, you really shouldn't suck your daddy's dick with that mouth."
"It would only be news to you if it were reversed.  We get it now and get it with your every post.  You are a liberal puke that champions every liberal cause.  Got it glea."
"You're a turd Neil and will always be one.\xa0 Picking on a rookie...yeah big tough guy.\xa0 No worries....you'll get yours one day.....loser."
"are you watching or partisapating ill kill you\\xc2\\xa0 hes your not your point and ur ugly and who do you think you are\\xc2\\xa0 you saw thats not enough how many times dose he halt too watch her go\\xc2\\xa0 thats faking it likewats you people fit mad. you dont get it i was not there rite here you hurt my feelingz they think he likes you tou think youll live i s that true ...if you come near my man or my family down here in Louisiana I would rip your eyeballs out with my fingernails. . . I dont need no gun, no knife, I would bloody kill you birch!"
"How is defending your child vigilante justice?\n\nWhy are you defending a child rapist?\xa0 Are you a closet pedo?"
"Eat shit and die Andrew"
"you're\xa0clearly a nigger ^^"
"Its not after 2\n  innings for India A you jer*k off..i am sure a dou*che*bag like you cannot\n  remember the priceless 50 he scored in 4th innings of the test match that he\n  won for India against South Africa..and tons of such innings at the state\n  level..but i guess di*ckheads like u are on a shi*t pile diet to understand\n  any of it..think twice before opening the drainage pipe that is ur mouth u\n  los*er"
"In the north, social service would take away her brother. Stupid!"
"snap out of it you are so biased, whould you say the same if saddam hussain was still in power. or would you do what most shia's did including Iran , go against saddam at any cost even if you have to lie to get bush to enter the war,.dont talk about syria or iran being anti Israel. Iran never fourght a war in the name of islam read history, they are an obstical in the way of islam..,,,\n\n.""Regarding killing of people no body knows who is doing this""___________ ,\xa0what the syrians who live in the neghbourhood are they \xa0blind maybe there oppressed\xa0 but not dumb, , ? you sound like the assad regime who lie evry time."
"all you do is sit on this site and hate on every successful artist. You are the epitome of a crab you broke muther fucker! Dumb bitch"
"do you have any proof that Romney stole anything? Or are you just a stupid libtard troll?"
"Tell me how the bridge can be fixed. \xa0Oh, you can't. \xa0Get off your soapbox, retard."
"First of all, fuck Nickelback.\n\nSecond, while I agree with you that 30 may be a little high (ahead of Johnny Cash and Michael Jackson? Eh.), it's important to remember that Nirvana, and Kurt in particular, were the face of angsty teens and young adults everywhere and still are to this day."
"you are soooo dumb!"
"And while you're at it, please prove how your "point" related to past draconian laws that banned inter-racial marriage?\xa0 That intent was to "ban" mixed races.\xa0 Just stop it please! You are insulting intelligence."
"Where's all the Ron Paul trolls, to defend this\xa0piece of shit?"
"i love how yo are a complete moron, and you havvee to be a complete retard to hate naruto, like seriously man? can you even form proper sentences? well, OBVIOUSLY NOT."
"You are a COMPLETE idiot...not even a partial."
"da fuck this nigga talkin bout? everything this hoe was doing was turning me on......this nigga gay"
"@bizora2:disqus you are a pathetic nobody."
"Go fuck yourself you dumbass bitch. MEGAN FUGATE IS A DIRTY ASS LYING GUTTER SLUT FUCKIN WHORE AND I WOULD SHOOT THAT BITCH MYSELF. and you don't know shit about the trial. DON'T YOU EVER TALK SHIT ON MIKE OR DYLAN YOU FUCKIN CUNT. And yeah Dylan was there that night it fuckin happened you dumb bitch. You don't know shit I know EVERYTHING. so go bury yourself a fuckin hole, lay in it, and fuckin die and we can put Megan fugate right next to you:)) and you both can fuckin die and rot in hell together you dumb piece of shit cunt. Go fuckin die so I can shit and piss on your grave."
"make your mother stop spreading Herpes"
"Straight douche, wish it was you, you worthless, racist, coward piece of shit"
"you're an idiot"
"Why would I want to meet you?\xa0 You have absolutely no redeeming qualities based on your delusional posts."
"For the record, I'm not gay, nor do I understand the attraction. \\xc2\\xa0But self righteous, despicable, vermin like you are the reason OUR Republican party is going to lose the election in November to Bozo. \\xc2\\xa0If I wasn't so disgusted with the sense of entitlement and lack of self responsibility the dems propgate, I'd vote dem. \\xc2\\xa0It's not enough for you to live and let live. \\xc2\\xa0Gays aren't hurting you. \\xc2\\xa0You have to attack their lifestyle as if it's YOUR business what they do behind closed doors. \\xc2\\xa0My guess is you're just another bible thumper, probably with gay tendencies yourself you're fighting."
"#nWo4Life\n#FuckTrolls"
"that bitch was dead wrong just because she had a fucked up life dont mean take someone else r.i.p. Hernandez life gone before he got to live it senseless at&t giving out Iphones for a penny fuck it let that bitch dial collect for the rest of her life she dont even deserve that much stupid bitch"
"All I have to say to you Bay is: Fuck you!"
"Whiny bastard. You're up to your fucking eyeballs in this LIE, don't try and back pedal it now. Face it, your name will be forever linked to the most LYING, corrupt, disingenuous, filthy group ever to mislabel itself as news. Don't like that? TOO BAD! You should have thought of that before you sold your soul to Rupert Murdoch for your thirty pieces of silver. You made your dinner, now EAT IT, BABY! Scum sucking little dirt bag, one lie doesn't cover up another."
"We will bury you in November, parasites."
"by the way, Leidiot is a jerk."
"Yeah you probably havew a dick to you ugly fucking monkey black whore, you are not even a women to me, no black women are I think of you as monkeys that should be in the zoo. Now go get your cunt sterilized slus so you dont make any more nixxers"
"Because you are an idiot jpcali."
"Dang I have a sister? Dats new to me..ur wife still wants big black Miami dic.k...lol..and it's nothing u can do bout it..she wants dat 305 stick up in her..lmao..lol..she goes hard."
"Papo_Swing, go to hell with that little weasel dick Carlson. In other words, fuck you, your mother and every one of your inbred relatives."
"Hey DeNiro go fok yourself u WOP."
"You really are NOTHING but an animal, aren't you?\n\nHave a nice day, I sincerely hope you manage to get some help for your anger issues.\n\nYou are OBVIOUSLY DEEPLY DISTURBED and you have my sympathy."
"Ignorant, ignorant, ignorant...piece of crap - so is his mother - how dare you defend / blame this behavior!!!Shame on you and the devil you spawned..."
"Wow, you really are a fooI."
"You like whore."
"* HAHA TRANNY ???? *\n\xa0\xa0COME HARDER NEXT TIME CUZ YOU MAD LAME !!!\n\xa0\xa0FUCK OUTTA HERE WITH YOU'RE UGLY ASS !!!!"
"Idiotic.\xa0 Beyond idiotic, actually.\xa0 You must LIKE being a loser."
"You sir are a complete idiot"
"You shut your filthy mouth talking about LAs premier team like that. <br>"
"You're an idiot. We should be sued for all the shit we've done in the MidEast. If we're not bombing, droning, starting wars, we're fucking funding them."
"You, sir, are an idiot"
"your still a commie basturd, and i hope you get stuffed in a commie oven."
"Thereisnoreason to pat L4C on the back, she's as dumb as you are."
"really - what planet are you on?"
"so you dumbphuck retard sh!te kunthead,son of your phucking WHORe momma knows everything huh???you dumb phuckface???????????????????????????????"
"hey Kraut piss off and go to bed...you are getting old and boring"
"...yeah CO Mmj patient is a fuck-tard, one of the 3 shops my ass.."
"Actually just got told to get to my bed. Fuck off Jackie ya old cow."
"You conceited little invertebrate. Hopefully you pass on that decrepit arrogance to the children you won't have, you bag of maggot scum."
"The hospital has confirmed that he had a seizure.  No alcohol or drugs involved.  Now I suppose by your thinking, the hospital is lying, afterall they are all communists or Nazis.  You sound like a fool."
"You lefty loons are so dumb, you don't realize just how dumb you are. You idiots must have taken Gibberish 101 in kindergarten, and you all\xa0passed with flying colors!"
"Just too freakin' funny... You are so stupid... Talk about gullible..."
"you get the ridicule because you're a fuk'n POS pr1ck\n\n\nlittle troll"
"...Or not nigga! Put that shit away. take your ass home and flush that shit."
"Funny that you are defending a murderer - d**kless idiot defending a d**kless idiot."
"gawd you're f*cking pathetic, how sick is your life to be so hateful?"
"Stick tha dick back in ya mouth make like its Haloween\\nand bob for apples. Dumb bitches like you dont deserve to talk"
"Maybe you are the braindead moron, religious bigot."
"The pills are your little technicolor friends. They stop the voices in your head."
"Don't keep Nag waiting.\xa0 It's hard on his knees.\xa0 'Twisted'.\xa0 Tonight.\xa0 Bromance."
"GAY FAGGOT NERD FUCKERS \r\nTROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOOLOLOLOLOLLLOLLLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL"
"your ego makes you less qualified."
"Those taxpayers you scorn pay your wage and ridiculous benefits, moron.\xa0 you make me sick and are beneath contempt.\xa0 You're the product of a legalized monopoly negotiated by people trying to buy influence with unlimited supplies of taxpayer money.\xa0 Screw off, parasite."
"fat lip monkeys get shot???and how r u smarter then blacks because u have a rice dick and suck noddles all day dont make u smart"
"CLOSE YOUR MOUTH CHIMP"
"Haney you suck as a painter...keep your day job...wait you suck at that too"
"GAY FAGGOT NERD FUCKERS \r\nTROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLLOLOOLOLOLOLOLLLOLLLLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL"
"no your not dickhead.\nI WON THIS FIGHT!"
"And your an idiot."
"Nazi_inc,\nmy people didnt forgot Salazar era and there are still many people who remembers it.\n\nToo stupid for common sense, sad little nazi? :D\n\nYou will never ignore me, because your clownish hatred and clownish comments are always exposed by me."
"you are soooo inteligent white girl. Tell us black people more about ourselves. Im sure u know more about us then we do"
"You are clearly stupid, that is what he meant you thumb."
"Proof positive that you are idi0t"
"That d \nBe \nGreat \n\nExcept for , you shouldn't use the word " WE" \nYou re a pat het ic loser     , living from oa y Che que to pay Che que \n\nHaiti \nDoesn't \nNeed \nYou \n\nI doubt you can even help yourself .\n\nThank you"
"Another big tale coming from someone that has no ideal what in hell he is talking about."
"P.S. And drop that loser Suzy.\xa0 You are a LOSER and a trouble maker.\xa0 Exit stage left, and go get a job.\xa0 It is a RAP!!!!!"
"Obviously you are a deeply sad, twisted and debauched indivudal whom if I were to meet I would take great pleasure in tearing the face clean off.\n\nWhy don't You top yourself and o the world a favour, no doubt after you've had one final masturbation anout Jon Venables you little maggot"
"Looks like the\xa0dipshat left the building.\xa0 What a joke.\xa0 Go back to where you came from Bob the slob."
"Morteza Hosseini, you're an idiot."
"go eat some ships and shut the fuck up .....you are nothing but a stupid"
"You can't see it because you're a clueless idiot. Show me how he is helping the middle class you stupid Obama semen slurper"
"never ratified?\\n\\nget the fuck out of here and go back to your silo."
"@adamomars\xa0\xa0@Dieofnv\xa0the very last thing i said was that you sound like an idiot because you just like mcshay don't do research. the fact that you said that this is your main source of gaming news just proves your an idiot. stop being tough on the internet"
""Papism"?  How about "Popery"?  Aren't you late for your klavern meeting?  Sheets washed and starched?  Eyelits cut in the white hood?"
"This website should have been named www.haterscentral.com because this website is full of people like you."
"Mane she stupid as fuck thinking everybody pose be nice to her fat out of shape ass they go hard at beyonce why would people not diss  her fat ass"
"And nobody partially gives a fuck about you or your gaRbage state"
"And what are you going to do tough guy?"
"So in your perverted mind if someone posts something about Obama that is "discredited"  it is ok for you to post the unmitigated bullshit that you do?\n\nWHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HA HA HA"
"you are an idiot and doubt very seriously you have ANY proof to back such a ridiculous statement"
"You really are NOTHING but an animal, aren't you?\n\nHave a nice day, I sincerely hope you manage to get some help for your anger issues.\n\nYou are OBVIOUSLY DEEPLY DISTURBED and you have my sympathy."
"I was just pointing out a fact as to why most SEC fanbases are borderline crazy.  It's all they have.  If that made you upset, get fu<v>cked you whiny little b<v>itch"
"No you f u c k head!!!!!!!!!!!"
"you are really stupid"
"hahaha wtf? "jesus christ" you retard, don't embarrass yourself on the internet."
"Aww its ok you too young for a tattoo haha having tattoos of your idols is not gay i have my dad and grandpa tattooed on me is that gay nope your a idiot and immature little bitch."
"suck your own dick you assfuck! you must die, you gay cock sucker! bullshit!!!!!!!!"
"HAHAHAHAHA you can't handle the fact that I know you're a fraud."
"SO freaking busy ... so little time, so many fucking idiot sheeple! \xa0\n\nI struggle to understand the depths that the zit-club has sunk to. \xa0It's like a never ending sucking machine pulling them down Down DOWN further trapped in the maze of their own delusions. \xa0WHAT? \xa0Hands? \xa0She's devoted a post ... an entire post! to the discussion of hands, complete with blown up pictures and pie charts and hair follicles under the microscope. \xa0I do hope she realizes that she CAN'T get a DNA sample from a picture that Kate posted on her Twitter account."
""Conservative" scum bag retort to any criticism of Grifter Queen Bitch:\n\n\nWAAAAA!!!!!!!! They're reporting on stuff!!!! Evil Libruls!!\xa0\n\nAre you Tina Tampa? You must be...."
"yea, identify yourself, dont be only big mouth here. You absolutely dont know me, but technically you can see my facebook id with name and profile pic on it, or else you are too dumb to see it. Come on, TV superstar of bullshit."
"Troll Spear\nAny prospect of you learning to speak like anything except a petulant child? No, huh?\n--------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nhey mfcker get the fck off my dick you fuktwatcockbitchfag"
"it's shit, I dont think my comment will get here. But its not free and comes with lots of crap you dont need. You M F"
"You're a dim-wit."
"BITCH ASS NIGGA, WE KNOW YOU A COWARD, YOU SCARED TO PUT UP A PROFILE PIC! GET THE FUCK OUT HERE!"
"You're a complete idiot!"
"Hey, Buttfuckle, when your wife is hip deep in the lime light destroying Republicans, will she still have time to vacuum your rug and wipe your bottom for you?\n\nWhat color will your nanny be?"
"Last year, you're saying we ARE bankrupt, Understand grammar?"
"Shut up, stupid. You said that NONE Of them do.\n\nThen you said the ones who do, do so to troll Westerners.\n\nNow you're changing your story again. You're truly an imbecile."
"You're the stuff of nightmares, moron"
"I FUCKED YOUR WHITE MOM GGG. YOU KNOW THAT STANDS FOR GERMAN GOO GIRLS RIGHT? SOME RAUNCHY ASS PORNOI, I ACTUALLY THINK I SAW YOU ON IT GETTING YOUR BLACK ASS PISSED ON"
"is your hat white with a point? does it hide your face! And i don't need to learn from you, your mind is gone; sick"
"you can't import from yourself.\xa0 stupid."
"haha you don't own an iphone? man your fucking poor"
"I SEE YOU ARE DETALINGING WHAT HAPPENED IN YOUR FAMILY, YOU FORGET THE PART WHERE YOUR FATHER ATE THE EBST PART OF YOU OFF YOUR MOTHERS AZZ_CRACK"
"DG--You're really an asshole...I hope you don't have children."
"Otherwise quit acting like an internet tough guy who lives in his moms basement."
"Referred to "them" as f ing coons. I'd say that's pretty racist you little slut."
"aww, you poor little cowardly redneck\n\nstrong intelligent black woman scares you\n\nit must be sad to live life as a right wing redneck cowardly pansy"
"Another loser comment.\xa0 I'm am honored that everyone gets to see what an as%hole you really are.\xa0 But I'm sure your co - workers at McDonald's already knew that."
"You are an azz Mejon!!!"
"Loser maggot can't make any money because you have no talent.\n\nLive in squalor like you deserve."
"You want a smack on the back of your head punk?"
"Kurius, you said everything that needed to be said here.\xa0 I will still add that Charles you are a pretentious toolbox for thinking your opinions are remotely viable.\xa0 Scooby..........you moron, DJ's are musicians because they make music.\xa0 Just because they don't play an instrument and you don't like the music they produce doesn't mean a damn thing.\xa0 Charles and Scooby.....You Fail!"
"YOU SHUT YOUR FUCKlNG MOUTH YOU DlRTY WHORlNG DRUNK BlTCH"
"I swear I hate when U fresh off the boarder wetback crooked eyebrow short hairy mexicans come on our site and bash on us!!! I CANT WAIT UNTIL A REPUBLICAN IS ELECTED SO THEY CAN SHIP U FUCKIN WETBACKS RIGHT BACK TO MEXICO AND CUBA!"
"Ever eat AIDS infected feces? Just eat your own and you will.."
"So you call any teen who gets pregnant a "dumb bitch"?\xa0 That's freakin dumb.\xa0 You know, it happens sometimes.\xa0 \n\nYeah, try getting out from behind your computer screen and saying that to someone's face, you pussy.\xa0\xa0 I can't get enough of you "compassionate, loving, selfless, kind, looking-out-for-your-fellow-man" libs.\xa0 You just love to call everybody who disagrees with you "bigoted," and you don't realize what a polluted soul you have."
"Are you still around sicko? \xa0You're the jackass who abandoned your best friend who came out as gay. \xa0Nice."
"Funny you on here talking about the soulful ghetto black people but you on a black site that markets to the ghetto. You know you wish you were black. And if you are black you are a sellout nigga lol. You are just an actor. On here to create arguments and division. I see through fools like you. You came here to play a role. Keep playing it because soon its gonna end. Good day."
"gungongoon, you make Britain what it is today, full of cretinous maggots such as yourself. If you cant say anything intelligent why dont you just keep your big fat mouth shut."
"You should man-the-fuck-up and read the God-dammned books. Then whenever someone brings this shit up you can say "well, I don't watch much TV, but in the <i>book</i>...""
"You all suck, like hungry hookers."
"You are a fool and do not understand the flattening of the world."
"You racist bitch"
"You really should get other news sources and get you face out of ther gay mags."
"Possibly to get your mother and father, you twisted freak!"
"You people, as in "moronic filth.""
"All these evangelists are nothing more than money hustlers who take the weak of mind's money. \n\nI say if you are that stupid, you deserve to lose your money to them."
"Other? A virus isn't an organism you idiot. It's a particle. This is why we think you're stupid."
"OBFan.\xa0 Why are you on this board??\xa0 If you don't know that the Senate brings up the bill, AMENDS it and then votes on it, you really should be on the cartoon board not here.\xa0 But do not feel bad, most people that support OB are just as dim as you are."
"Fuck that...you force someone to be raped repeatedly every god damn day so your lazy ass can avoid getting a real job, beat her, imprison her, etc etc etc. and yeah every great boyfriend lets their girlfriend turn tricks--- you're fuckin sick, your mental with this way of thinking. \xa0I guess she is out of business if the next pimp knows they are dead man walking...lol... you've got to be joking - you can't really be related to this scum bag, may he burn in hell."
"accused but not charged or convicted. you libbies make me laugh. especially you dimwit. you are a copy and paste monkey."
"faggot"
"You really should be like the other Lemmings and jump off a cliff."
"@Crissa:disqus LaRaza (The Race), NBP. Nation of Islam, Aztlan to name a few are very racist and very left wing. You guys are just scared to call out a black person or a hispanic for racism. I am not scared to call it like I see it. It is easy to attack whites because it makes you feel good about yourself, you think the minorities will like you if you attack whites too. Be freaking honest with yourself. This has to be one of your dumbest replies ever Crissa. \n\nI view the world through the eyes of a "Native American" as you liberals labeled us. All I see is a self loathing person who wants to feel good about herself and have others like her "because she cares". Still all I see is a person who sits on land once hunted and lived upon by the native peoples. How many thousands of Indians died so you can live where you live and feel good about yourself?\n\nYour second sentence makes no sense, because even my staunchest enemies never accuse me broad brushing. When I attack, I am very specific about my targets."
"Hey nutbag..youre a traitor....\n\nObama has more intelligence in his little finger than your peanut brain......\n\nGo to pakistan and spout your venom...youlll be murdered onn the spot...You psychos love to talk about no freedom-but you are liars....\n\nYou have the freedom to speak like an idiot....arent you happy now goofball?\xa0 LMAO"
"You're avatar is fail. Loser."
"Why don't you shut your stupid mouth, pennylane? All you do is sit in here just waiting to pull the race card every chance you get. You offer nothing of value to these discussions, so why don't you just get lost? It gets tiring seeing your worthless, race-bating gibberish polluting these discussions!"
"You goofy Repub thugs don't have a clue, not the tiniest shred of a fact on how health care works in most other countries around the globe. The US is the only developed country without universal, single-payer or socialized medical care for all its citizens. Some systems differ, but all achieve near 100% access to a doctor and hospital at way lower cost than we here in The United States of America. In some countries, people pay some small amount per doctor visit, like a co-pay. In other countries, you are covered, no co-pay. In most countries, the option to have private health insurance is always an option. This gives the wealthy or well-heeded access to some private doctors who want to only see rich patients. Their choice. \nBut no one, no mom, dad, child, uncle, aunt, grandma, grandpa, sister, brother, business associate, boss, garbage man, ditch digger, or nuclear physicist goes bankrupt from a disease or medical condition like here in the USA. You need not fear the collection agency coming after you because you fell and broke your arm and had no insurance. No insurance company denies your claim or drops your coverage after finding out you have cancer or heart disease or MS. Get it? \n\nWe are in the dark ages of medical care in the US and the Neanderthal republicans want to keep it that way because their wealthy benefactors in the giant Insurance-Pharma industrial complex like it that way. These craven business people who lust after profits like an alcoholic lusts for a drink, make huge boatloads of cash and mega profits off us and do not want that gravy train to stop."
"True, maybe he's deliberately being an assh*le as a self-promotional marketing gimmick, because he knows controversial views will get him attention. \n\nIn that case, let's screw his plan up by avoiding clicks on his articles, and spreading the word to others to do the same. That'll fix his red wagon - and it's looking mighty red."
"JoelWeltman, you look like a pedophile from your picture. go get yourself incarcerated."
"you are both morons and that is never happening"
